Project Name: Education Ecosystem
Team Name: Livecoding Ltd
Payment Address: Ethereum address: 0x347d400495879aCC9c1B42f2B1fdd7c8F18b880B
Receivable Token: USDT
⚠️ The combination of your GitHub account submitting the application and the payment address above will be your unique identifier during the program. Please keep them safe.

⚠️ When you submit an application for a Grant，You confirm that you have read these Terms and Conditions carefully and that you agree to be bound by them.

Overview
Please provide the following:

A project name
Education Ecosystem
A brief description of your project.
Our goal is to build real products associated with Crust.

An indication of how your project relates to / integrates into Crust.
We already have our website: New tab (educationecosystem.com) and it’s an established platform. Depending on the selected proposal, we will expose that number of developers to Crust network to expose Crust to others and therefore increase its community. 

An indication of why your team is interested in creating this project.
We already have experienced developers (average 5 yrs experience) who already have worked on real projects on other blockchains. These competent developers will create real projects on Crust network to increase its community. 

Project Details

Our goal is to build real products associated with the Crust. These products will be created by experienced developers (average 5 yrs experience). Each project comes with complete recorded videos and source code. We have developers on our website. These projects will expose them to Crust, ultimately increasing the community of Crust ecosystem. 
Projects related to: 
Build P2P content delivery network (CDN) services
Cloud storage applications with Crust/IPFS Network
Trusted Execution Environment(TEE) technology
GPoS protocol

Example projects
https://educationecosystem.com/ivanccrockart/2PjK8-building-a-terrifying-horror-game-unreal-engine
https://educationecosystem.com/s1l3nceer/2bPEr-unity-game-development-artificial-intelligence-multiplayer-and-advance
https://educationecosystem.com/elliottminns/lK6rL-how-to-build-advanced-cryptocurrency-trading-bot-in-nodejs

Goal is to teach the following traditional developers how to use tech stack they command and use Crust network to build products:

Web developers:
	Javascript developers
	Python developers
	Ruby developers
	PHP developers
	Java developers

Mobile App developers
	Android developers
	iOS developers
	HTML5 developers




Team
Team members

Name of team leader
Michael J. Garbade  - CEO 

Names of team members
Michael J. Garbade  - CEO 
Ahmed Safadi  - CTO
Muhammad Shoaib  - COO

Contact
Contact Name: Michael Garbade
Contact Email: drmjg@livecoding.tv
Website: www.educationecosystem.com
Legal Structure
Registered Address: Livecoding Ltd, 20-22, Wenlock Road, London, N1 7GU

Registered Legal Entity: UK legal entity number: 09346459

Team's experience
Michael J. Garbade is a serial entrepreneur, hybrid business executive and Python engineer who enjoys building applications in Python, Django, and Sencha Touch. 

Ahmed Safadi is the CTO and tech lead. He has extensive experience building Django and Python applications for different companies in Europe, China and Turkey prior to Education Ecosystem.

Muhammad Shoaib leads the content creation team at Education Ecosystem (COO). He has eight years of experience working with startups in different roles including operations management, digital marketing, and business development. 

Development Roadmap

Proposals we offer:

Proposal 1 ($25k)

Milestone 1: 7 projects
$12k
Airdrop rewards
$2.5k: airdrop rewards
Competition rewards
$2.5k competition reward
Exposure to 2000 developers
$6k ($3 per developer)



Proposal 2 ($40k)

Milestone 1: 5 projects
$10k
Milestone 2: 5 projects
$10k
Airdrop rewards
$5k: airdrop rewards
Competition rewards
$5k competition reward
Exposure to 5000 developers
$10k ($2 per developer)




Future Plans
Please include here
All the projects will be open source, these projects will be publicly available on our website, github, gitlab and youtube.
Any additional information that you think is relevant to this application that hasn't already been included.

Possible additional information to include:

Are there any teams who have already contributed (financially) to your project? 
No

Do you have a community of users or open-source developers who are contributing to your project?
We already have an established platform with 350,000 registered users: https://educationecosystem.com/


